Make clear that strings are hostnames (#390)
ietf-wg-privacypass/base-drafts: draft-ietf-privacypass-auth-scheme.md

values MUST be ignored. This value determines the structure and semantics of
the rest of the structure.

> - "issuer_name" is a UTF-8 string containing the hostname of the issuer.

Reviewer: Is it UTF-8 hostnames? eg Ulabel? not A-label (eg punycode) ?

If the unit these things operate on are "dns hostnames", then I would expect this to use A-labels. That is not nohâts.ca but xn--nohts-5qa.ca

Author: It's just a FQDN without the trailing dot, e.g., "github.com" or "ietf.org". Basically, the same thing that would go in the TLS SNI. It's _not_ an A-label with the bizarre xn-- prefix. I'll try to clarify.

Author: @paulwouters how does the new text look?

Reviewer 2: Yeah, this is the HTTP / URI style version of the hostname, not the DNS version of the name.

values MUST be ignored. This value determines the structure and semantics of
the rest of the structure.

> - "issuer_name" is a UTF-8 string containing the hostname of the issuer, i.e., the
> fully qualified DNS hostname of the issuer using ASCII encoding without a trailing dot.
> This allows the support of internationalized hostnames through the use of A-labels defined in {{?RFC5890}}.
> This is hostname identifies the issuer that is allowed to issue tokens that can be
> redeemed by this origin. The field that stores this string in the challenge
> is prefixed with a 2-octet integer indicating the length, in network byte order.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- "issuer_name" is an ASCII string that identifies the issuer using the format of the authority portion of a URI
as defined in {{Section 3.2 of !URI=RFC3986}}. This name identifies the issuer that is allowed to
issue tokens that can be redeemed by this origin. The field that stores this string in the challenge
is prefixed with a 2-octet integer indicating the length, in network byte order.
```

single octet indicating the length. Challenges with redemption_context values
of invalid lengths MUST be ignored.

> - "origin_info" is an optional value containing one or more origin hostnames,

Reviewer 2: Same for calling this out as UTF-8?

which allows a token to be scoped to a specific set of origins. The field
that stores this value in the challenge is prefixed with a 2-octet integer
indicating the length, in network byte order. If empty, any non-origin-specific
token can be redeemed. If the value contains multiple origin hostnames, they are

> delimited with commas "," without any whitespace. If this field is not empty,

Author: I figured that was implied from the fact that these are hostnames, but I'm happy to include it.

> delimited with commas "," without any whitespace. If this field is not empty,

Reviewer: It is implied but it is always good to give a nudge to what could be a security issue if not considered, eg malicious hostnames with comma's

single octet indicating the length. Challenges with redemption_context values
of invalid lengths MUST be ignored.

- "origin_info" is an optional UTF-8 string containing one or more origin hostnames,
which allows a token to be scoped to a specific set of origins. The field
that stores this string in the challenge is prefixed with a 2-octet integer
indicating the length, in network byte order. If empty, any non-origin-specific
token can be redeemed. If the string contains multiple origin hostnames, they are

> delimited with commas "," without any whitespace. Each origin hostname MUST NOT

Author: Fixed.

single octet indicating the length. Challenges with redemption_context values
of invalid lengths MUST be ignored.

- "origin_info" is an optional ASCII string containing one or more origin names, each of which

> uses the format of the authority portion of a URI as defined in {{Section 3.2 of URI}}. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
uses the format of the authority portion of a URI as defined in {{Section 3.2 of URI}}.
```

single octet indicating the length. Challenges with redemption_context values
of invalid lengths MUST be ignored.

> - "origin_info" is an optional UTF-8 string containing one or more origin hostnames,
> each of which is a fully qualified DNS hostname using ASCII encoding without a trailing dot.
> This allows the support of internationalized hostnames through the use of A-labels defined in {{?RFC5890}}.
> The purpose of this field is to allow a token to be scoped to a specific set of origins.
> The field that stores this string in the challenge is prefixed with a 2-octet integer
> indicating the length, in network byte order. If empty, any non-origin-specific
> token can be redeemed. If the string contains multiple origin hostnames, they are
> delimited with commas "," without any whitespace. Moreover, any whitespace in the
> string MUST be ignored. Each origin hostname MUST NOT include a comma "," element.
> If the "origin_info" field is not empty, the Origin MUST include its own name as
> one of the hostnames in the list.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- "origin_info" is an optional ASCII string containing one or more origin names, each of which
uses the format of the authority portion of a URI as defined in {{Section 3.2 of URI}}. 
The purpose of this field is to allow a token to be scoped to a specific set of origins.
The field that stores this string in the challenge is prefixed with a 2-octet integer
indicating the length, in network byte order. If empty, any non-origin-specific
token can be redeemed. If the string contains multiple origin hostnames, they are
delimited with commas "," without any whitespace. Moreover, any whitespace in the
string MUST be ignored. Each origin hostname MUST NOT include a comma "," character.
If the "origin_info" field is not empty, the Origin MUST include its own name as
one of the hostnames in the list.
```

Token challenges that include non-empty origin_info bind tokens to one or more
specific origins. As described in {{challenge}}, clients only accept such

> challenges from origin names listed in the origin_info value. Even if multiple

Author: Reverted.
